Sync with docker acap (#63)
AxisCommunications/docker-compose-acap: CONTRIBUTING.md

>
> - Star the project
> - Tweet about it
> - Refer this project in your project's readme
> - Mention the project at local meetups and tell your friends/colleagues

<!-- omit in toc -->
## Table of contents

- [I have a question](#i-have-a-question)
- [I want to contribute](#i-want-to-contribute)
  - [Reporting bugs](#reporting-bugs)
    - [Before submitting a bug report](#before-submitting-a-bug-report)
    - [How do I submit a good bug report?](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-bug-report)
  - [Suggesting enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
    - [Before Submitting an Enhancement](#before-submitting-an-enhancement)
    - [How do I submit a good enhancement suggestion?](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion)
  - [Your first code contribution](#your-first-code-contribution)
  - [Lint of codebase](#lint-of-codebase)
    - [Linters in GitHub Action](#linters-in-github-action)
    - [Run super-linter locally](#run-super-linter-locally)
    - [Run super-linter interactively](#run-super-linter-interactively)

## I have a question

Before you ask a question, it is best to search for existing [issues][issues] that might help you.

> In case you have found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have found a suitable issue and still need clarification, you can write your question in the 'issues' section.
```

> this issue. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first.

Reviewer: you can write your question in the 'issues' section - Could be more understandable?

> this issue. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the 'issues' section. It is also advisable to search the internet for answers first.
```
